updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16065)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/how-to-host-multiple-versions-of-a-workflow-side-by-side.md

`WorkflowIdentity` provides a way for workflow application developers to associate a name and a version with a workflow definition, and for this information to be associated with a persisted workflow instance. This identity information can be used by workflow application developers to enable scenarios such as side-by-side execution of multiple versions of a workflow definition, and provides the cornerstone for other functionality such as dynamic update. This step in the tutorial demonstrates how to use `WorkflowIdentity` to host multiple versions of a workflow at the same time.

> [!NOTE]

> > To download a completed version or view a video walkthrough of the tutorial, see [Windows Workflow Foundation (WF45) - Getting Started Tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/-samples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To download a completed version or view a video walkthrough of the tutorial, see [Windows Workflow Foundation (WF45) - Getting Started Tutorial](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248976).
```
